doc: add cdn doc + migration to cdn (#5425)
ovh/cds: docs/content/docs/components/cdn/_index.md

---
title: "CDN"
weight: 3
---

<b style="color: red">⚠ Do not activate CDN log processing in production yet. It's in active development.
Be sure that config flag 'enableLogProcessing' is set to false</b>

## What's CDN

> CDN is a service dedicated to receice and retrieve logs. It replaces the old system that stored logs in the CDS database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CDN is a service dedicated to receive and retrieve logs. 
```

A CDN instance is started with scope Project and Run using token.

CDN is linked to 2 types of storages:

> * Buffer Unit: to store step log temporarily during the execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Buffer Unit: to store step log temporarily during the execution of a job
```
